>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Next piece,
lazy loaded modules.
And so this is almost like it sounds,
we're taking a module and
reloading it lazily.
So we'll only load a module
with its assets and
resources when we navigate to it or
when we need it.
And so what this means is,
instead of having one large application,
we can break it up into smaller pieces,
and then just load it when we need it.
So if you have an application where 80% of
the user's time is spent on a single view,
then it may make sense, let's say we have
four other features to make those lazy.
They never have to incur the overhead
of loading those things, so
it's gonna make it that much faster.
And so, this is a pretty easy process to
do this, surprisingly easy, actually.
The first thing to do is to take a,
what would be a component,
and you wrap it in a module.
So what you have to do is you have to
have it where it would be
just a normal component.
Now it has to be a module
that holds the component.
And then within the module,
you set up a route,
just like you would in a normal module.
So you can see here, so
we have this child module, and
we have a single route in this case.
Root path load profile component.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
then what we do, is in our routing table.
Instead of saying, go to this component,
instead we're saying load children.
In other words, go to this resource,
user/user.module.
And so this is the actual file.
And then we're pointing to the actual
module that we're exporting.
We're saying load this in.
So take something you want to make lazy,
wrap it in a module with
its own routing, and then in the parent
module, instead of calling it a component,
call load children, and
they see point to the file.
And then the module that you actually
want to load from that file, right here.
So conceivably, you can do this
in just a few lines of code.
And so for instance, this is on
the profile route as you'll notice here,
that at the bottom,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: It's
loading this user module chunk.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: But you'll only
see this when we go to the profile route.
So, I'll just actually pull this up and
then I'll see, I may or
may not actually do one of these.
So here just refresh this.
So if we go here, you can see like
just a bunch of stuff loading.
[SOUND] Over here, all kinds of stuff so.
Here's all our bundles, everything.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Now
let's go to the profile.
Here and let's see, now is loading in.
The profile information that we need.
And so I think I can, let's see how fast
I can do this in the CLI real quick.
We're kind of in the home stretch and
I really want to at least talk about this
fire base thing for at least a minute.
So let's go ng g m,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's see here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We're going to create
a refreshments module with routing.
Let me show you one
other thing real quick.
If you ever wonder, did I get this
quite right or what's going to happen?
So sometimes it's like is this going
to generate in the right folder?
I'll do --dry-run, and so you can see
here it's like okay refreshments,
do this it's exactly what I want.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
I'm gonna say generate this module and
spin it up with routing.
So I just pull this up here, and
just went real quick,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: ng g m for
module, refreshments --routing --dry-run,
cuz in this case,
I wanted to just see what would happen.
All right, let's go ahead and run this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
then what I'm going to do is ng g c for
component, refreshment, and
let's go energydrink.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I
think that should work.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So it just did it.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Did I do this?
I did.
That's what happen, all right.
Let me delete this, let me start over.
I'm so excited.
If only ng lint.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Refreshments,
all right.
Now let's try this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Okay, so far, so good.
Let's just jump into this code here.
Routing module.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What is
in every route for
the most part, unless it's lazy?
Path and
component.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Energy
drink component.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Then let's
go in here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: App routing
module.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
I suppose I'll do this by hand.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So in this case,
we'll go refreshments.
So we're just creating the path,
then load children.
And then,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Refreshments,
refreshments, module, refreshments,
module.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I will be so
pleased with myself if
this actually works.
>> Speaker 2: It's probably an error.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What's gonna work?
Teamwork.
You're awesome, thank you.
I think, let's see here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We could clear
this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Please work.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so what we saw
is,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let me refresh this
entirely, real quick.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
it looks like this is the bundle.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: That's interesting.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So if we go to here,
again this user module chunk, and
if we go to refreshments.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What I'm
not getting the chuck though.
It's there.
>> Speaker 2: Scroll back up just a little
bit.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Here?
>> Speaker 2: No, down a bit.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: It's that right there.
>> Speaker 2: Right there, refreshment's
model chunk.
Just up a little bit from here.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yes, air five for
the win.
It's almost the weekend.
I am doing it, everybody.
Look at me.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right,
so,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Pretty easy despite
all of my fumbling.
Module just really comes
down to how you load it.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right,
I think I have just a couple more slides
and then we are going to talk about
Fire Base.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Anybody
have any questions about those
two things that I just covered?
Lazy loaded modules?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Change station
strategy?
This will make your app fast.